The Babel fish is small, yellow, 
leech-like, and probably the oddest 
thing in the Universe.

It feeds on brainwave energy received
not from its own carrier but from 
those around it. It absorbs all 
unconscious mental frequencies from 
this brainwave energy to nourish 
itself with. It then excretes into 
the mind of its carrier a telepathic
matrix formed by combining the 
conscious thought frequencies with 
nerve signals picked up from the 
speech centers of the brain which 
has supplied them.

The practical upshot of all this is 
that if you stick a Babel fish in 
your ear you can instantly 
understand anything said to you in 
any form of language. The speech 
patterns you actually hear decode 
the brainwave matrix which has been 
fed into your mind by your Babel 
fish.

Now it is such a bizarrely 
improbable coincidence that anything
so mind-bogglingly useful could have
evolved purely by chance that some 
thinkers have chosen to see it as a 
final and clinching proof of the 
non-existence of God.

The argument goes something like 
this: "I refuse to prove that I 
exist," says God, "for proof denies 
faith, and without faith I am 
nothing."

"But," says Man, "the Babel fish is 
a dead giveaway isn't it? It could 
not have evolved by chance. It 
proves you exist, and so therefore, 
by your own arguments, you don't. 
QED."

"Oh dear," says God, "I hadn't 
thought of that," and promptly 
vanishes in a puff of logic.

TYPE: Universal translator
SIZE: Small, yellow
METHOD: Insert in ear
THEOLOGICAL IMPACT: Significant